[Docs] Update read committed isolation docs (#13873)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/architecture/transactions/read-committed.md

## Semantics

The following two key semantics set apart Read Committed isolation from Repeatable Read in PostgreSQL:

1. Each statement should be able to read everything that was committed before the statement was issued. In other words, each statement runs on the latest snapshot of the database as of when the statement was issued.
2. Clients never face serialization errors (40001) in read committed isolation level. To achieve this, PostgreSQL re-evaluates statements for conflicting rows based on some rules as described in the next section.

In addition to the two key requirements, there is an extra YSQL specific requirement for its read committed isolation level: ensure that external clients don't face `kReadRestart` errors. `Read restart` errors stem from clock skew which is inherent in distributed databases due to the distribution of data across more than one physical node. PostgreSQL doesn't require defining semantics around read restart errors because it is a single node database without clock skew. When there is clock skew, the following situation can arise in a distributed database like YugabyteDB:

> * A client starts a distributed transaction by connecting to YSQL on some node N1 in the YugabyteDB cluster and issuing some statement which reads data from multiple shards on different physical YB-TServers in the cluster. For this, the read point, which defines the snapshot of the database at which the data will be read, is picked on some YB-TServer node M based on the current time of that YB-TServer. Depending on the scenario, node M could be the same as N1 or not, but that isn't relevant to this discussion. Consider T1 to be the chosen read time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A client starts a distributed transaction by connecting to YSQL on some node N1 in the YugabyteDB cluster and issuing some statement which reads data from multiple shards on different physical YB-TServers in the cluster. For this issued statement, the read point which defines the snapshot of the database at which the data will be read, is picked on some YB-TServer node M based on the current time of that YB-TServer. Depending on the scenario, node M could be the same as N1 or not, but that isn't relevant to this discussion. Consider T1 to be the chosen read time.
```

* The node N1 might collect data from many shards on different physical YB-TServers. In this pursuit, it will issue requests to many other nodes to read data.
* Assuming that node N1 reads from some node N2, it could be the case that there exists some data written on node N2 at time T2 (> T1) but was written before the read was issued. This can happen because of clock skew where the physical clock on node N2 might be running slightly ahead of node M, and hence the write which was actually done in the past, still has a timestamp higher than T1.

> * Note that the clock skew between all nodes in the cluster is always within a [`max_clock_skew`](https://docs.yugabyte.com/preview/reference/configuration/yb-tserver/#max-clock-skew-usec) bound due to clock synchronization algorithms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Note that the clock skew between all nodes in the cluster is always in a [`max_clock_skew`](https://docs.yugabyte.com/preview/reference/configuration/yb-tserver/#max-clock-skew-usec) bound due to clock synchronization algorithms.
```

* For writes at some time higher than T1 + `max_clock_skew`, the database can be sure that they were done after the read timestamp was chosen on any node. But for writes at a time between T1 and T1 + `max_clock_skew`, node N2 can find itself in an ambiguous situation such as the following:

>   * it should still return the data if the client issued the read after the data was committed, because it could be the same client connecting to YSQL from a different node and the following guarantee needs to be maintained: the database always returns data that was committed in the past.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * it should still return the data if the client issued the read after the data was committed, because it could be the same client connecting to YSQL from a different node and the following guarantee needs to be maintained; the database always returns data that was committed in the past.
```

>   * it should not return the data if the write was actually performed in the future i.e., after the read point (aka snapshot) was chosen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * it should not return the data if the write was actually performed in the future, that is, after the read point (aka snapshot) was chosen.
```

* In such a situation, where N2 finds writes in the range `(T1, T1+max_clock_skew)`, to avoid breaking the strong guarantee of _a reader should always be able to read what was committed earlier_, node N2 avoids giving incorrect results and raises a `Read restart` error.

Some distributed databases handle this uncertainty due to clock skew by using algorithms to maintain a tight bound on the clock skew, and then taking the conservative approach of waiting out the clock skew before acknowledging the commit request from the client for each transaction that writes data. YugabyteDB instead uses various mechanisms internally to reduce the scope of this ambiguity, and if there is still ambiguity in rare scenarios, the error is surfaced to the client.

However, for Read Committed isolation, YugabyteDB has stronger mechanisms in place to ensure that the ambiguity is always resolved internally, and `Read restart` errors are not surfaced to the client. So, in read committed transactions, clients don't have to add any retry logic for `Read restart` errors (similar to serialization errors).

> ## Handling of serialization errors

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Handling serialization errors
```
